GitHub Project Research
Topic 1: Automated Vulnerability Assessment Tool Development
GitHub Project 1:
 Citation: kaster-san. (2025). Penhelper. GitHub. https://github.com/kaster-san/Penhelper
 Type: Security Tool
 Synopsis: This project is a Python-based automation tool designed for web security 
assessment, penetration testing, and vulnerability detection. It has some modules on 
technological detection, subdomain enumeration, endpoint detection, SQL injection 
testing, security header analysis, DNS reconnaissance, and service scans. Penhelper has 3
stars, 1 fork, and was last updated 2 years ago.
 Link: https://github.com/kaster-san/Penhelper
 Relevance: 5/5 – This source word for word follows what my topic is about!
GitHub Project 2:
 Citation: Dibsy. (2018). SPSE: SecurityTube Python Scripting Expert Course Solutions 
and Tools. GitHub. https://github.com/dibsy/SPSE
 Type: Educational Framework
 Synopsis: The SPSE repo is a automated Python tool collection for vulnerability 
assessment and exploitation while offering supporting hands-on security scripting as well
as solutions to their course problems. This project allow users to automate various 
security tasks and gain practical experience in Python applied to security but, it requires 
familiarity with Python and security concepts. The dependencies include Python and 
relevant libraries for networking and system tasks. The repository has 124 stars, 51 forks,
and it’s been 9 years since the last update.
 Link: https://github.com/dibsy/SPSE
 Relevance: 5/5 – I believe this is a strong source that teaches through modules how to 
create and use the tool while also studying it’s exploitation.
Topic 2: Digital Evidence Collection for Mobile Devices


GitHub Project 1:
 Citation: Mike Royal. (2025). Digital Forensics Guide. GitHub. 
https://github.com/mikeroyal/Digital-Forensics-Guide
 Type: Educational Framework
 Synopsis: This resource covers digital forensics, including tools, libraries, and 
frameworks for computers, mobile devices, network, and database forensics. Its main 
feature is categorized sections on certifications, playbooks, virtualization, file systems, 
and security tools, making it valuable for both beginners and professionals in the forensic
field. This guide provides references to many software like Autopsy, The Sleuth Kit, and 
Mobile Device Investigator. The project has 1.3k stars, 223 forks, and was last updated 2 
years ago.
 Link: https://github.com/mikeroyal/Digital-Forensics-Guide
 Relevance: 5/5 – This repo gives more than just mobile device digital forensics, giving a 
wide range of perspectives on how data is gathered. 
GitHub Project 2:
 Citation: 6abd. (2025). Horus. GitHub. https://github.com/6abd/horus
 Type: Forensics Tool
 Synopsis: This tool uses features like IP and MAC address tracking, phone number 
lookup, crypto-wallet tracing, virus scanning, and file encryption. This is all provided as 
a terminal-based toolkit for cybersecurity and investigative work. Limitations include 
dependency on Python 3.11 and requirements for API keys (some are paid like Shodan). 
The project has 363 stars, 42 forks, and was updated 10 months ago.
 Link: https://github.com/6abd/horus
 Relevance: 4/5 – This tool has various of features which gives insight into what a toolkit 
would look like when tasked with gathering digital evidence.
